# Struct ParquetOptions
datafusion::common::config::ParquetOptions

```rust
pub struct ParquetOptions {
Show 31 fields
}
```

Options for reading and writing parquet files


## Fields
- enable_page_index: `bool`
  (reading) If true, reads the Parquet data page level metadata (the Page Index), if present, to reduce the I/O and number of rows decoded.

- pruning: `bool`

  (reading) If true, the parquet reader attempts to skip entire row groups based on the predicate in the query and the metadata (min/max values) stored in the parquet file

- skip_metadata: `bool`

  (reading) If true, the parquet reader skip the optional embedded metadata that may be in the file Schema. This setting can help avoid schema conflicts when querying multiple parquet files with schemas containing compatible types but different metadata

- metadata_size_hint: `Option<usize>`

  (reading) If specified, the parquet reader will try and fetch the last size_hint bytes of the parquet file optimistically. If not specified, two reads are required: One read to fetch the 8-byte parquet footer and another to fetch the metadata length encoded in the footer

- pushdown_filters: `bool`

(reading) If true, filter expressions are be applied during the parquet decoding operation to reduce the number of rows decoded. This optimization is sometimes called “late materialization”.
reorder_filters: `bool`

(reading) If true, filter expressions evaluated during the parquet decoding operation will be reordered heuristically to minimize the cost of evaluation. If false, the filters are applied in the same order as written in the query
schema_force_view_types: bool

(reading) If true, parquet reader will read columns of Utf8/Utf8Large with Utf8View, and Binary/BinaryLarge with BinaryView.
binary_as_string: `bool`

(reading) If true, parquet reader will read columns of Binary/LargeBinary with Utf8, and BinaryView with Utf8View.

Parquet files generated by some legacy writers do not correctly set the UTF8 flag for strings, causing string columns to be loaded as BLOB instead.
coerce_int96: `Option<String>`

(reading) If true, parquet reader will read columns of physical type int96 as originating from a different resolution than nanosecond. This is useful for reading data from systems like Spark which stores microsecond resolution timestamps in an int96 allowing it to write values with a larger date range than 64-bit timestamps with nanosecond resolution.
data_pagesize_limit: usize

(writing) Sets best effort maximum size of data page in bytes
write_batch_size: usize

(writing) Sets write_batch_size in bytes
writer_version: String

(writing) Sets parquet writer version valid values are “1.0” and “2.0”
skip_arrow_metadata: bool

(writing) Skip encoding the embedded arrow metadata in the KV_meta

This is analogous to the ArrowWriterOptions::with_skip_arrow_metadata. Refer to https://docs.rs/parquet/53.3.0/parquet/arrow/arrow_writer/struct.ArrowWriterOptions.html#method.with_skip_arrow_metadata
compression: Option<String>

(writing) Sets default parquet compression codec. Valid values are: uncompressed, snappy, gzip(level), lzo, brotli(level), lz4, zstd(level), and lz4_raw. These values are not case sensitive. If NULL, uses default parquet writer setting

Note that this default setting is not the same as the default parquet writer setting.
dictionary_enabled: Option<bool>

(writing) Sets if dictionary encoding is enabled. If NULL, uses default parquet writer setting
dictionary_page_size_limit: usize

(writing) Sets best effort maximum dictionary page size, in bytes
statistics_enabled: Option<String>

(writing) Sets if statistics are enabled for any column Valid values are: “none”, “chunk”, and “page” These values are not case sensitive. If NULL, uses default parquet writer setting
max_statistics_size: Option<usize>
👎Deprecated since 45.0.0: Setting does not do anything

(writing) Sets max statistics size for any column. If NULL, uses default parquet writer setting max_statistics_size is deprecated, currently it is not being used
max_row_group_size: usize

(writing) Target maximum number of rows in each row group (defaults to 1M rows). Writing larger row groups requires more memory to write, but can get better compression and be faster to read.
created_by: String

(writing) Sets “created by” property
column_index_truncate_length: Option<usize>

(writing) Sets column index truncate length
statistics_truncate_length: Option<usize>

(writing) Sets statictics truncate length. If NULL, uses default parquet writer setting
data_page_row_count_limit: usize

(writing) Sets best effort maximum number of rows in data page
encoding: Option<String>

(writing) Sets default encoding for any column. Valid values are: plain, plain_dictionary, rle, bit_packed, delta_binary_packed, delta_length_byte_array, delta_byte_array, rle_dictionary, and byte_stream_split. These values are not case sensitive. If NULL, uses default parquet writer setting
bloom_filter_on_read: bool

(writing) Use any available bloom filters when reading parquet files
bloom_filter_on_write: bool

(writing) Write bloom filters for all columns when creating parquet files

- bloom_filter_fpp: Option<f64>

  (writing) Sets bloom filter false positive probability. If NULL, uses default parquet writer setting


- bloom_filter_ndv: Option<u64>

  (writing) Sets bloom filter number of distinct values. If NULL, uses default parquet writer setting

- allow_single_file_parallelism: bool

  (writing) Controls whether DataFusion will attempt to speed up writing parquet files by serializing them in parallel. Each column in each row group in each output file are serialized in parallel leveraging a maximum possible core count of n_filesn_row_groupsn_columns.

- maximum_parallel_row_group_writers: usize

  (writing) By default parallel parquet writer is tuned for minimum memory usage in a streaming execution plan. You may see a performance benefit when writing large parquet files by increasing maximum_parallel_row_group_writers and maximum_buffered_record_batches_per_stream if your system has idle cores and can tolerate additional memory usage. Boosting these values is likely worthwhile when writing out already in-memory data, such as from a cached data frame.

- maximum_buffered_record_batches_per_stream: usize

  (writing) By default parallel parquet writer is tuned for minimum memory usage in a streaming execution plan. You may see a performance benefit when writing large parquet files by increasing maximum_parallel_row_group_writers and maximum_buffered_record_batches_per_stream if your system has idle cores and can tolerate additional memory usage. Boosting these values is likely worthwhile when writing out already in-memory data, such as from a cached data frame.
